README.md, before:

# VibeGo

Control Claude Code on your Mac from your phone over local WiFi.

## How It Works

```
Phone (Termius) ──SSH──> Mac (tmux + Claude Code)
                                │
Phone (ntfy) <────────── notification hooks (tap to open Termius)
```

SSH into your Mac, auto-attach to a persistent tmux session, and get push notifications when Claude needs input.

## Quick Start

### Mac Setup

```bash
git clone https://github.com/anthropics/vibego.git
cd vibego
./setup.sh
```

The script installs dependencies (tmux, jq), configures Claude Code hooks, and sets up tmux auto-attach for SSH sessions.

**Required:** Enable Remote Login in System Settings → General → Sharing.

### Phone Setup

1. **Install apps:**
   - [Termius](https://termius.com) — SSH client (iOS & Android)
   - [ntfy](https://ntfy.sh) — push notifications (iOS & Android)

2. **Configure ntfy:**
   - Open ntfy → tap **+** → enter your topic name (shown by setup script)

3. **Configure Termius:**
   - Add new host: `username@ip` (shown by setup script)
   - Connect once to save

4. **Test:**
   - SSH into your Mac → auto-attaches to tmux
   - Run `claude` in any project
   - Get notification when Claude needs input
   - **Tap notification → opens Termius directly**

## Notifications

Three types of notifications:

| Event | When |
|-------|------|
| **Question** | Claude asks you something |
| **Permission** | Claude needs approval to run a tool |
| **Idle** | Claude finished and is waiting |

Notifications show the project path and tmux window:
- `[ACTIVE] Dev/MyProject: ...` — you're viewing this window
- `[W1] Dev/OtherProject: ...` — from window 1, switch with `Ctrl+b 1`
- `Dev/MyProject: ...` (no prefix) — running outside tmux

## Multiple Sessions

Create multiple Claude Code sessions in tmux windows:

| Action | Keys |
|--------|------|
| New window | `Ctrl+b c` |
| Switch to window N | `Ctrl+b N` (0-9) |
| Next/prev window | `Ctrl+b n` / `Ctrl+b p` |

**Using Ctrl in Termius:** Long-press on the keyboard area → select Ctrl → then press b, then window number.

## Troubleshooting

**No notifications:** Test manually:
```bash
curl -X POST "https://ntfy.sh/YOUR-TOPIC" -d "test"
```

**tmux not auto-attaching:** Check `~/.zshrc` has the VibeGo section.

**Can't SSH:** Enable Remote Login in System Settings → General → Sharing.

## Credits

Inspired by [Claude Code on the Go](https://granda.org/en/2026/01/02/claude-code-on-the-go/)

- [ntfy.sh](https://ntfy.sh) — push notifications
- [tmux](https://github.com/tmux/tmux) — terminal multiplexing

Commit message:

Add Codex CLI support alongside Claude Code
- Detect and configure both Claude Code and Codex CLI during setup
- Add Codex notification hook for agent-turn-complete events
- Update README with supported CLI tools table and limitations
- Fix wording throughout to mention both tools where appropriate

README.md, after:

# VibeGo

Control Claude Code and Codex CLI on your Mac from your phone over local WiFi.

## Supported CLI Tools

| Tool | Notifications |
|------|---------------|
| **Claude Code** | Questions, permissions, task completion |
| **Codex CLI** | Task completion only* |

*Codex CLI currently only fires `agent-turn-complete` events. Question/permission notifications are not yet supported by Codex.

## How It Works

```
Phone (Termius) ──SSH──> Mac (tmux + Claude/Codex)
                                │
Phone (ntfy) <────────── notification hooks (tap to open Termius)
```

SSH into your Mac, auto-attach to a persistent tmux session, and get push notifications when the AI needs input or finishes.

## Quick Start

### Mac Setup

```bash
git clone https://github.com/anthropics/vibego.git
cd vibego
./setup.sh
```

The script installs dependencies (tmux, jq), configures notification hooks for your CLI tools (Claude Code and/or Codex), and sets up tmux auto-attach for SSH sessions.

**Required:** Enable Remote Login in System Settings → General → Sharing.

### Phone Setup

1. **Install apps:**
   - [Termius](https://termius.com) — SSH client (iOS & Android)
   - [ntfy](https://ntfy.sh) — push notifications (iOS & Android)

2. **Configure ntfy:**
   - Open ntfy → tap **+** → enter your topic name (shown by setup script)

3. **Configure Termius:**
   - Add new host: `username@ip` (shown by setup script)
   - Connect once to save

4. **Test:**
   - SSH into your Mac → auto-attaches to tmux
   - Run `claude` or `codex` in any project
   - Get notification when the AI needs input or finishes
   - **Tap notification → opens Termius directly**

## Notifications

### Claude Code
| Event | When |
|-------|------|
| **Question** | Claude asks you something |
| **Permission** | Claude needs approval to run a tool |
| **Task Complete** | Claude finished and is waiting |

### Codex CLI
| Event | When |
|-------|------|
| **Task Complete** | Codex finished a task |

Notifications show the project path and tmux window:
- `[ACTIVE] Dev/MyProject: ...` — you're viewing this window
- `[W1] Dev/OtherProject: ...` — from window 1, switch with `Ctrl+b 1`
- `Dev/MyProject: ...` (no prefix) — running outside tmux

## Multiple Sessions

Create multiple AI coding sessions in tmux windows:

| Action | Keys |
|--------|------|
| New window | `Ctrl+b c` |
| Switch to window N | `Ctrl+b N` (0-9) |
| Next/prev window | `Ctrl+b n` / `Ctrl+b p` |

**Using Ctrl in Termius:** Long-press on the keyboard area → select Ctrl → then press b, then window number.

## Troubleshooting

**No notifications:** Test manually:
```bash
curl -X POST "https://ntfy.sh/YOUR-TOPIC" -d "test"
```

**tmux not auto-attaching:** Check `~/.zshrc` has the VibeGo section.

**Can't SSH:** Enable Remote Login in System Settings → General → Sharing.

## Credits

Inspired by [Claude Code on the Go](https://granda.org/en/2026/01/02/claude-code-on-the-go/)

- [ntfy.sh](https://ntfy.sh) — push notifications
- [tmux](https://github.com/tmux/tmux) — terminal multiplexing
